
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# pdec-analysis-2

This R project implements the analyses for “PPM-Decay: A Computational
Model of Auditory Prediction with Memory Decay” by Peter M. C. Harrison,
Roberta Bianco, Maria Chait, and Marcus T. Pearce.

## Installation

These scripts depend on various R packages which can be installed with
the following commands (Internet connection required):

``` r
install.packages(c(
'beepr',
 'boot',
 'broom',
 'checkmate',
 'covr',
 'cowplot',
 'cpm',
 'devtools',
 'DiagrammeR',
 'dplyr',
 'egg',
 'extraDistr',
 'ez',
 'futile.logger',
 'ggplot2',
 'ggpubr',
 'ggridges',
 'glue',
 'gtools',
 'knitr',
 'magrittr',
 'markovchain',
 'memoise',
 'nloptr',
 'plyr',
 'purrr',
 'R.utils',
 'readr',
 'testthat',
 'tibble',
 'tidyr',
 'tidyverse',
 'viridis',
 'withr'
))
devtools::install_github("pmcharrison/ppm@v0.1.1")
devtools::install_github("pmcharrison/hrep@v0.11.0")
devtools::install_github("pmcharrison/hcorp@v0.6.2")
```

If an error occurs during this process, try installing the problematic
package individually with `install.packages` or
`devtools::install_github`, as appropriate.

If any other required packages are missing from your installation, R
will throw a corresponding error when you try to run the analysis
scripts. You can install any such missing packages with the
`install.packages` function, passing the name of the missing package.

## Usage

The repository comes by default with the generated output files saved in
`output/`. You should be able to delete this directory and regenerate it
using the following steps:

1)  Open this R project by opening `pdec-analysis-2.proj` in RStudio.
2)  Compile the behavioral response data by running
    `src/0-compile/0-compile.R` in R.
3)  Conduct the behavioral modeling by running
    `src/1-analyse/1-analyse.R` in R.
4)  Create the summary behavioral analyses by running
    `src/2-summarise/2-summarise.R` in R.
5)  Conduct the simulation experiments by running `src/1-experiments.R`
    in R.
6)  Plot the simulation experiments by running `src/2-plots.R` in R.

## Contents

  - `archive` - Contains archived outputs from Roberta’s initial
    exploration of the perceptual data.
  - `input` - Raw input files.
  - `output` - Output files generated by these scripts.
  - `packages.txt` - List of CRAN dependencies.
  - `pdec-analysis-2.Rproj` - R project file.
  - `README.Rmd` - Programmatically generates the README file.
  - `README.md` - The README file.
  - `src` - Contains the R source code.
